And there it goes all right but 1 and saw it here in the
channel of toys the video day today is
about rep
How are you seeing the card there?
cool
look at just four characters right?
The card here showing you the
Little toys
younger children love their
pepsi toys
the card value is $ 45 with the order
there, pro mateus vasconcelos, he spoke
so the price there walked for a price
to see a hug for him too
This is it, I'll show you.
here earth toy
If you like the video but I like it
the sensational proof
come on
the left did not leave them of stones in
that you do not organize us in service
basically they mexico the little arms
neck and little head right
little foot and bit cool and
left in front of the headboard
look how cute
look here quietly so here is family
Let's introduce them, right?
or daddy guinea guineas
drawing is very child watching
cute does nothing they have done for
I play that state now to stay in
Holding hands, right?
Dad looks at you looking how cute
ipad
Jorge is very cool, huh?
Look, the very famous little head is very
cool, it's really cool, so you
son play the kids today in the
channel
share the strength to us
the video right of opinions is very basic is
nothing very sophisticated but the
toys around you like
is it guys won Czech